[Music]
Make us remember
You fragments of yesterday still alive in us
Oh, the brutal ache of missing it all
The craving has left us weeping
Talk to us
Why are these walls so dead and silent?
Could they really turn cold and forget us?
But being a stranger in your own soul is so much crueler
>> Make us remember
You fragments of yesterday still alive in us
Oh, the brutal ache of missing it all
The craving has left us weeping
Talk to us
Why are these walls
so dead and silent?
Could they really turn cold and forget us?
But being a stranger in your own soul is so much crueler
>> Take us back
Let us taste those sweet years again
To remember a past that meant everything
Our old streets and the people who breathed life into them
Tell us
About the stories of our childhood
And those timid, early days
How they rushed through our lives
>> Gather our shattered pieces
From this scattered mess we're living in
And hold us
And ask this grieving house
Did it feel the same warmth we once felt?
>> And ask us
How the ache suddenly flared up
When the sheikh called to prayer and led us
Tears poured out when you finally answered us
Tell this exhausted heart
Have our fathers really left us behind?
Every corner of these streets is crying out
Make us remember
A home that was made of us, living right inside us
Where we lived for so many years
Safe, and at peace
[Applause]
[Music]
>> Make us remember
You fragments of yesterday still alive in us
Oh, the brutal ache of missing it all
The craving has left us weeping
Talk to us
Why are these walls so dead and silent?
Could they really turn cold and forget us?
But being a stranger in your own soul is so much crueler
>> Make us remember
[Music]